README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.js`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

switch to app router + framer motion animations

README.md, after:

[![Watch tutorial here](https://img.youtube.com/vi/sUKptmUVIBM/0.jpg)](https://youtu.be/sUKptmUVIBM)

# [Watch video here](https://youtu.be/sUKptmUVIBM)

## What you will learn

- Latest Next.js 13 features
- Next.js App Router
- Next.js Server Actions
- Client & Server Components
- TypeScript (Beginner & Intermediate)
- Tailwind CSS
- Context API
- Advanced Animations with Framer Motion
- React.Email & Resend
- Custom React hooks
- Fresh, modern UI design
- Light & Dark mode
- Responsive website

## Important

If you want to be a professional developer, you have to know the fundamentals like JavaScript and CSS really well. I highly recommend you go through my [Professional JavaScript](https://bytegrad.com/courses/professional-javascript) and [Professional CSS](https://bytegrad.com/courses/professional-css) courses.

I'm close to releasing a complete React & Next.js course. Get on the email list to receive early-bird pricing: [link](https://email.bytegrad.com/).

## Setup

1. Add RESEND_API_KEY environment variable in .env.local
2. In the send-email.ts action file, change the "to" email to your own email
